nobody even knows there's over 20 kinds
of orgasms that you can have
there's that's a oneand done but then
there's oh oh oh oh
oh that's the queen of orgasms and to
achieve that there are very specific
techniques that work and it's not what
you see on porn Dr Susan Bratton is a
world-renowned sex specialist and
best-selling author of over 30 books and
programs and for over two decades her
expertise has empowered Millions to
master pleasuring techniques bedroom
communication and unlock their true
sexual potential why did you focus on
sex as a career well I was 12 years into
our marriage we had a beautiful daughter
gorgeous home but I never had an orgasm
from intercourse and we thought there
was something wrong with me but this is
not unique so many of us have had
problems with sex and once we got some
skills it just lit our sex life on fire
so here are 48 of my best sex techniques
number one number two you have to number
three it's something that I love to
teach men and then there's these toys
that I want to show you what is that
this is a device that no one's ever seen
before wow doesn't that feel so good
Susan this is the first time we've ever
done this we reached out to some of our
audience to send us their questions okay
let's unpack this let's start
with this has always blown my mind a
little bit 53% of you that listen to the
show regularly haven't yet subscribed to
the show so could I ask you for a favor
before we start if you like the show and
you like what we do here and you want to
support us the free simple way that you
can do just that is by hitting the
Subscribe button and my commitment to
you is if you do that then I'll do
everything in my power me and my team to
make sure that this show is better for
you every single week we'll listen to
your feedback we'll find the guest that
you want me to speak to and we'll
continue to do what we do thank you so
much
Susan what do you do and why do you do
it well I teach passionate love making
techniques by publishing books and
programs and audios and uh I do it
because my passion is Passion uh I like
to say that uh my brand of sexual
education is heart-c
connected conscious passionate loving
making which is very different than
transactional sex or sex that looks like
pornography if if someone comes to you
and they say I'm struggling with my sex
life in some way or I'm not at my sexual
potential what can you do for me how
would you answer that question well I'd
say sex is such a vast landscape and
people enter into it from so many
different directions that often when
someone is saying that their sex life
isn't as good as they want it to be I
have to ask them what's it like what do
they want what's the vision that they're
holding for themselves and
often I recently had a young woman come
to me and say um all my friends talk
about sex being so great but I haven't
experienced that and I wonder if I'm
asexual because it's just not that good
for me it just seems like it's so fast
and hurried and and I I don't know I
just I just don't I'm worried maybe
something's wrong with me that's what
that's what women think a lot is they
think there's something wrong with them
but remember I I'm not a therapist so I
don't sit in a room with a client and
unearth all of the issues that they have
what I do is I author passionate love
making techniques I teach you how to
have really good bedroom communication
how to know what you want and ask for it
conf ID have your partner love for you
to ask them for what you want feel good
about it not like they did anything
wrong and then know a whole bunch of
pleasuring techniques how their bodies
work what what the possibilities are
because if you're thinking about
sexuality because sex has been so
censored nobody even knows what's
possible if I say to someone you know
there's over 20 kinds of orgasms that
you can have they'll be like what and
especially men they don't even they
think there's one maybe two uh where
women are like there's 20 they are at
least aware that there's more than one
or two that they could have these
different you know kinds of orgasms and
so once you understand the communication
piece and you understand the pleasure
piece then you can understand what's
possible and then you can begin to try
things okay so you get an email in your
inbox and it's from a woman yeah if you
had to bet yeah what that question in
that email was and all you know that is
that it's from A lady called Suzanne
what would your guess be my libido is
gone and um I feel really guilty I feel
really bad I'm not interested in sex
or I there's something wrong with me I'm
unhappy I'm un filled I don't feel like
what I'm doing is right that's most
common with women and if the email came
in from a guy called David mhm what
would you think is before you click the
email what do you think he's asking you
sexual biohacking erectile dysfunction
penis enlargement male enhancement all
of those kinds of things guys h a lot of
men ask me about I think there's
something wrong with my penis uh so that
would be the number one thing that would
be most likely to be in my inbox
but the second thing would
be something around either I H I have
some shame around part of my
desire or I'm frustrated with my partner
that I'm not having the kind of sex that
I want what do I do to fix it so fixing
fixing things people are writing for
fixing things whe whether it's men or
women that's that's what they reach out
with our our problems quality and
quantity or one more than the other
I would say quality generally more so
than qu quantity you can fix when you
fix
quality right quantity quality comes
before quantity that's true yeah you
have a a really atypical journey to
becoming a sex per it's not something
that you You' studied when you were
younger in college or something it's not
something that you were it's not sort of
an off Branch to some psychology degree
you were doing you became aert at what
age 42 is when I went on my sexual
expansion journey and started my company
shortly after that why sex why in your
early 40s did you decide to focus on sex
when previously your career had been
about many other things did something
happen yeah it did right I was married
to Tim my husband sir Tim he's the
prince among men I've been with him for
33 years now and we were 12 years into
our marriage we were a very successful
Silicon Valley company my husband
invented rapid the first first the like
the O the OG Spotify so we were both in
high tech having IPOs doing incredibly
well we had a beautiful daughter we had
a gorgeous home overlooking the entire
Silicon Valley it was just
incredible but we had become platonic
not for my husband's lack of trying to
have sex with me but I just I I
just I had sex with with him for a dozen
years and I never had an orgasm from
intercourse I could have an orgasm from
a vibrator but I couldn't have one from
intercourse and I'd had some sexual
trauma as a child as well which honestly
the majority of people have had sexual
trauma whether it's simple repression or
actual physical abuse of some kind so
many of us have had trouble and not just
women men too people across the Spectrum
have had you know things happen happened
to them
and I avoided him for sex what did your
sexual trauma teach you about
sex well it taught me that I
am who I've always been inside myself
and that no one can take away who I am
and my power and my
sovereignty I've learned that one can
move through and heal from trauma and
that it takes both talk therapy
and empathy from someone as well as
somatic release physical body
release and that often our greatest
wound can become our greatest gift which
is what that trauma did for me the
trauma itself mhm what did that
traumatic experience convince you that
sex was or wasn't I always liked sex and
I refused to let that trauma hurt my sex
life but the the problem was that I
ended up doing something called
dissociating during
intimacy and so if you kind of leave the
scene emotionally and you're just there
physically you really don't get that
thing that heart connection you don't
find your Humanity in your lover you
can't really touch Source through your
connection can you explain that to me
dissociation cuz I think yeah I've heard
people tell me privately that that's the
issue that they had in their sex life
for many many years with that they were
basically disassociated from it what is
that it's where you kind of you just
check out you just you're go you go
through the motions physically but
you're not emotionally there it's
protection against being heard
again so once I learned that that's what
I was doing my husband would help me Tim
would help me come back to him come back
to him come back to him and then we
start started going to sex workshops we
went beyond therapy and we started going
to sex
workshops and we learned how to have sex
and by sex I don't necessarily just mean
intercourse we we learned all kinds of
things we went to Tantra workshops we
went to sex love and intimacy from the
human awareness Institute we did
ecstatic loving we did orgasmic
meditation we did all kinds of things
and it
just lit our sex life on fire once we
got some skills we were the blind
leading the blind everybody's the blind
leading the blind everybody we don't see
any good examples of heart-c connected
passionate lovemaking we don't see them
in film in the movies we don't see them
in pornography all of that
is male patriarchal religiously
repressed styles of sex rather than
female focused heart connect did
Blissful
slow pleasurable sex highly orgasmic sex
so I think what what happened for us was
we had such good sex so easily once
someone told us what to do that we said
oh well he's already you know sending
MP3s all over the Internet and I'm
already sending video all over the
Internet with cable modems why don't we
bring all these courses online because
very few people are going to go to a sex
Workshop number one it costs money
number two you have to be able to do it
number three it's scary it's really
scary to take off all your clothes and
go to a sex workshop and do Hands-On
techniques in a room full of sweaty
people you know there's a lot to it
right and so we said why don't we put
this on the internet because that's what
we're good at let's put programs on the
internet that people can access from
anywhere in the world and learn how to
make love together learn organ
techniques and communication skills and
pleasuring how the Body Works in ways
that will take them to places they never
even imagined were possible zooming on
on that moment where you and Tim are
struggling in the bedroom yeah how long
had it been since you you had had sex or
how often were you having sex at that
point well it petered out over time so
when we first met we had great new
relationship energy we we were having
sex but it was it was the kind of sex
that I would call these days grab a boob
and stick it in
very intercourse
focused I know exactly
like and you
know I love
intercourse I teach intercourse skills
because what you see modeled is
really oh man it's like kindergarten
what you see out in the market out in
the world
and so how do you have this massively
exquisitely orgasmic mutually
pleasurable
intercourse you just need to learn a
couple things that's the great thing
about sex it's like have you ever heard
that phrase a little hinge that swings a
big
door it's like it's like an example of
Leverage right one little hinge and a
giant door how's that little hinge swing
that giant door that's what sex actually
is if somebody tells you what to do
because I mean my operating system and
your operating system are like
everybody's operating systems right it
the human body works the way the human
body does and so women who are walking
around going I'm broken I can't have an
orgasm from intercourse and and her
husband's like well I guess you can't
but we're still going to have
intercourse
anyway I say to them yes you can you
just need to learn how you just need to
cross the gasm chasm close that orgasm
Gap and so if I can get more people to
understand that if something isn't good
that they just haven't had it good yet
that's I think one of the biggest
messages I can give to your audience is
just keep learning keep learning new
skills but don't miss all the other
things I'll give you an example of
something in sex that really chaps my
lips and that is this idea that there's
foreplay and
sex that comes right out of religious
repression because sex is for
procreation only so the only thing
matters is sex and sex is intercourse
heck no sex is everything sex is a hot
make out sex is rubbing our bodies
together sex is words of appreciation
adoration encouragement it's langor as
kissing it's stroking each other it's
oral pleasuring it's interourse it's
playing with toys it's sex in new
locations it's you know film ing
yourselves and watching it while you're
holding each other later and going oh
you know what the best moment for me was
no tell me the best moment for me was
XYZ and you're like are you K that was
your best moment yeah what was your best
moment my best m i mean those are the
things that make sex great that make you
want to have it
again in that moment when you and Tim
hadn't been having sex so you sex had
completely dried up I really avoided him
as much as I possibly could I was giving
him what I now call Mercy sex
what is that Mercy sex well it's like
well he's going to be a miserable man if
I don't throw him a bone once in a while
how often was once in a while oh God
like couple times a month at the
worst Yeah couple times a month at the
worst once every other week or yeah like
every week or 10 days I'd be like all
right I got to do it again and how did
you feel at the time guilty and he was
like I wonder if I married a lesbian
like he I couldn't believe I didn't want
to have sex but at the start of the
relationship you did or you were just
kind of the problem is the new
relationship energy wears often when you
have absolutely no skill neither of you
know what you're doing and it's not good
for her how long is she going to want to
keep doing it you know what's funny I
have one of the programs that I wrote
really early on is a program called
revive her drive and it's a sneaky
little name because guys will buy it and
I say to
them this program won't help you if sex
has never been good you need a therapist
but if sex used to be good and now it's
not you can fix it and so they buy it
thinking they're going to revive her
drive they're going to fix her and when
and then they're like oh you sneaky
little
devil you fixed me it was me I just was
treating I was like trying to have sex
with my wife like she's a dude and now I
understand what what what her body wants
and now I know what she needs for me and
and she loves sex now so that is very
very common but you had to fix your
trauma as well in your situation I did
and how did you go about fixing that I I
did a number of things um the first
thing that I did was I worked with a
sexual trauma
therapist and I also worked with someone
who
does more of a little bit of a different
method called the circling method and I
uh also worked with some sematic
therapists over the years it was pretty
quick for me I'm very
lucky and and I don't want to I don't
want to say that it's as easy for other
people as it is for me I'm a I'm a fast
changer I have a lot of behavioral
flexibility and I'm very comfortable in
discomfort I'm very comfortable Crossing
aasm very comfortable in
uncertainty I think because I grew up in
Silicon Valley my career in in in my 20s
and 30s was Silicon Valley and it's
always changing it's always like you
know oh we're doing this now you know
it's always a so and also a lot of
people have trouble because of their
genetic Snips because they have
serotonin Pathways where when they've
experienced trauma every time they think
about it it feels like a raw
wound they can't get over it because
every time they think about it it's like
it's a fresh cut not that's not me so I
was able to move through things and
mostly what helped me was being able to
say I remember one of the one of the
things I had to do was I had to write
down every single sexual trauma
Injustice frustration wound hurt pain
that I'd ever
experienced and I thought oh this is
really going to make me
sick and my therapist said it won't it
won't don't worry just get it out I want
you to come back on our next appointment
and I want you
to tell me every single thing I want to
witness it I want to know what you've
been through I want you to remember it
all and we're going to put it behind you
and that was very very helpful for me
finally someone heard everything that I
had gone through and all the things that
had been done to me and all the
injustices that had happened to me and
it really helped me move through it but
not that's not the right therapy for any
everyone people need different types of
therapy and remember I'm not a therapist
so what I do is I deal in the how do you
have hot sex not in the let me fix your
problem I had to fix my problems to
learn about it but once I did I was like
tell I want to know all about how to
have the best sex that keeps getting
better what does that take and that's
been my Decades of study how did you
know you had a problem and how did you
know you had something that needed to be
healed and and it wasn't just you know
Tim's a little bit I'm just not
attracted to Tim anymore or maybe I just
don't like sex how did you know how did
you have the awareness to even go to a
therapist
because we thought there was something
wrong with me
and so we went to a therapist and she
said okay well tell me what what your
sex is like and I started telling her
and she said okay let's unwind this
let's unpack this let's heal all of this
and how did you get to the point that
you knew that the trauma was at the
heart of many of these challenges all
she had to do was ask me what my sex
life had been like and what I'd gone
through and I told her all the
injustices and the horrible things that
had happened to me which are not unique
I the thing about me is that I'm pretty
much just like everybody else I'm not
special in any way the only thing that's
special about me is that I have the
courage to talk about things that a lot
of people don't they feel embarrassed
that's just my I don't know when you say
sexual Injustice and
Trauma give me a give give me a menu of
things that someone at home who's trying
to understand if those things might have
had an impact on their sex drive sure it
can be anything from
um never knowing how your parts work or
what the names of them are or
understanding how your body works it
could be uh that you that sex is bad or
uh shaming it could be uh and this is
something that many people struggle with
and that
is my parents never told me about sex
and they never showed that they were
sexual I feel like I came from a very
stoic uh repressed best family and it's
impacted my sex life and one of the
things that I often have to say to
people is your mom and your dad did the
best they could do they didn't know
anything they were probably kids
themselves and they loved you they just
weren't equipped to help you with this
not only that but it's not really their
job your sexuality and your sex life is
your job and when you take it on as
something that's a part of what you have
to learn like the things you do for your
career or the things that you do to
support your family and when you put it
in that bucket and you let go of the
victim mindset and the victim mentality
and you say okay what do I need to do
what is right what is possible then you
get into the fun Parts you can move move
through the trauma so it could be abuse
it could be repression it could be shame
it could be lack of knowledge which lack
of knowledge creates fear
fear is the enemy of pleasure so once
you start teaching people about their
bodies about pleasure but we know that
there's nature and there's nurture
around sexuality too the nature is how
my parts work versus Your Parts work and
I'd really like to talk to you about
that because I think that's one of those
little hinges that swings big doors once
you start to understand the difference
between male and female arousal you can
begin to have much better sex to
together because when you don't
understand you're doing you know you
know the Golden Rule Do un others as
you'd have them do unto you that's what
most people do in sex they treat their
partner the way they want to be treated
instead of treating their partner the
way their partner needs to be treated
that's the Platinum role so I've just
got two more questions on this point
before we move on to some of these real
specific things we've been talking about
I read that Tim cheated on you at the
time he was having an affair I don't
even like that word really no because I
I actually I remember when I found out
that Tim was having a relationship with
a woman who was also in a sexless
marriage and we were in what was
basically a sexless marriage at the time
how did you find out he told me he came
clean and he told me and I remember the
shame and I felt like it was my fault
that I'd not been a good wife when I
look back at it
what I realized was that he was just
trying to cope he loved me and he loved
our family and he he just wanted to feel
pleasure and connection and he wasn't
getting that from me and for some reason
it is just easier for women to give up
their sexuality than for men generally I
want to say one thing about everything
I'm going to say on your show and that
is that sex is a bell bell curve there
are people at one end of the spectrum
and the other but I'm almost always just
talking to the big bell curve in the
middle the average dude and his lady
that's that's where my sweet spot is
so when he when he was having that
Affair all he was trying to do was stay
in the marriage and not be miserable and
once I got right with that and I
realized he didn't do anything to me and
I didn't even look at it I don't even
look at it as cheating I literally look
at it as that man was still trying to
stay married to me he loved me and so it
was it was our mutual problem which was
a lack of knowledge he didn't understand
how my body worked I didn't understand
how my body worked once we learned that
we learned technique and I was able to
stay present and connected with him and
not leave my body in worry that
something bad was going to happen when
it started to be pleasurable instead of
me just servicing my husband did you
separate when he told you that or did
you stay together
well there was a moment where in the
beginning when he told me that he was
seeing someone else I thought maybe it's
best that we stop being together and I
remember that he had packed up his
things and he was driving out of our
house and I was standing at the doorway
of my big beautiful Silicon Valley
mansion in the height of my career my
little daughter our little daughter was
standing there 6 years old and she had
this little blankie that she loved you
know how kidss love their blankies and
she had it had this little soft satin
border on it and she would rub it on her
lip to kind of soothe herself and she
was holding my hand and she was rubbing
that blanket on her lip and daddy drove
around to the side to the front of the
house and he stopped and he was looking
out the window and he was waving goodbye
and she
said but this gets me every time I do
every time I even think about this
moment in my life she's like
but will you still be my
daddy and I was like oh what am I
doing I love this guy how did we get
here I can't ruin her I can't I could
never do better than search him I could
never do better than him he is an
amazing human being my God Stephen he's
been The Wind Beneath My Wings my for
more than half my life I've known him
for longer than I have haven't now he's
the solid you know person I sit on top
of that get allows me to be out here in
the world giving people hope and
instructions on how to have what I have
which is amazing and so when I when she
said that I
said turn around come back we got to fix
it and I had seen all of our friends
were getting divorced and it wasn't
money cuz we were all making money it
was silicon Val Valley in the do era and
uh so he came back we said what are we
going to do about it and we started
therapy and then we started going to sex
workshops and within I mean months it
sorted itself out and we started having
great sex did your sex life
change in terms of the Dynamics of it
you in a monogamous relationship we were
in a monogamous relationship for many
years but but we opened our relationship
when we got really good in bed together
we were like hey this is so much fun
let's have some sex with some other
people and so we
did and it was not without its
challenges it's never without its
challenges when you you know when you go
beyond the scope of monogamy but um I
don't regret any of it even the bad
parts and what is that called because
there's all these names for different
relationship Dynamics do you have a name
for it well the if you think about it as
a tree yeah there's it's non- monogamy
is the tree it could be called ethical
non- monogamy or consensual non-monogamy
there's there's polyamory there's open
relationships there's Lifestyles and
swingers and the pineapple people
there's you know all kinds of things and
then there's my latest favorite flavor
which is kind of a new flavor and that
is because i' I've been in an open
relationship with my husband for over
two decades now so for 20 years 20 out
of 33 years we've been open longer than
we've been closed and we were shepherded
by people who are uh now in their 70s
and ' 80s who are still in their open
relationships and they taught us a lot
about what to do to keep ourselves safe
both physically and emotionally which is
something
interesting and the one that I'm
enjoying right now is relationship
Anarchy that's what you call it that's
what people call some some people call
it that and I and that's one of the FL
that's one of the branches on the tree
of non-
monogamy and the thing that I want to
say about non- monogamy whatever flavor
you like is that two things number one
I'm not here to tell anyone that what I
do is better than what they do I am not
a polyamorous proponent or any of those
things it's just what I do but Steve I
mean I'm a
sexer I'm I stand up here telling you
that I can teach you how to be better in
bed than you are if I only had one
partner how much could I know every
single partner I've ever had I've had
them safely using safe sex techniques
which I'd love to explain to you and
I've had so many incredible
experiences who initiates that
conversation in your relationship
because I think this is the first
challenge in most relationships is
figuring out like how do you go about
having that conversation with someone
without them butting your head off
potentially well here's an interesting
thing one of the things that really
helped us save our marriage at the time
that we went to the therapists and we
went to the sex workshops we did another
thing we did uh one of our friends um W
uh was a coach for Brad Blandon and he
wrote a book called radical
honesty and we said Tim and I said look
we just have to be totally honest with
each other we've been pussyfooting sugar
coating withholding you know for 12
years now 14 years we've got to be
honest if we're going to save our
marriage and so we started the practice
of telling the truth because my god when
you start actually trying to tell the
truth you realize how societally imem
embedded not telling the truth is what
was the most painful truth he told you
maybe just the one that he that he was
with someone else might have been the
worst one and I felt so much Shame about
that like I'd done something wrong but
nothing it turns out the truth is Juicy
exciting interesting offensive no no no
because if it's said with love if think
if honest honesty doesn't have to be
mean honesty is just Your Truth your
boundaries your desires your your
foibles your you know what's the most
offensive TR like someone someone turns
to my partner turns to me and goes
listen you you are out of shape and I'm
just not feeling it yeah well why
wouldn't your partner turned to you and
say first of all you're not you're
absolutely gorgeous but if in fact you
feel like your partner is is not taking
care of themselves um it would be
more kind to say I'm worried about about
your
health I don't think you're taking care
of yourself well enough and I love you
and I want you to do a better job how
can I support you you know what you can
love me more fully if you know exactly
who I am and where my boundaries and
edges are and and you get to honor and
respect those then you know you're
loving me exactly the way I want you to
love me or I can decide I don't love you
I guess yeah you could decide you don't
love me yeah that's okay hey I'm not for
everyone and I'm okay with that
too so how did you come to be
polyamorous polyamorous right um well we
started to have experiences with people
was it your idea or his idea it was our
mutual idea because we had gone to
workshops where we had experienced light
with groups of people like I remember
one time I was at a workshop and there
were four of us paired together and Tim
was in a different group and we were
doing like sensation play where one
person would lie down and receive
sensation and the other three people
would give it to them and at the same
time that they were giving them
sensation like oh rubbing your feet
playing with your boobs you know
whatever kissing or stroking your hair
or whatever and then they would also
give you an angel shower they would tell
all at the same time they would tell you
things they loved about you things that
they thought were really attractive
about you or things that they'd noticed
about you and when you get an angel
shower from a group of people you you
can't negate it it goes in because
there's so much kindness coming at you
that you're defenseless against it and
so you kind of take it in instead of
going oh no no that's not true that's
not true that's what people are taught
to do it's like one of my favorite games
that I like to teach people is a game
called three things I love about you
and Tim and I have been playing it for
decades now and whenever I want I say to
him can you tell me three things that
you love about me and I particularly
like it when we start our love making
dates because I notice that I I really
need that
reassurance that I'm loved and
appreciated and so I'll want him to tell
me three things that he loves about me
and we have this little the little part
of our game is never say the same thing
twice so for decades we've been telling
each other what we love about each other
and not repeating things and when you
really start to get good at offering up
love and noticing what you love about
someone um you just you're in love more
you're just in love with people more
you're in love instead of in
judgment we reached out to some of our
audience ahead of this conversation and
we asked them to send us their questions
okay and then my team sat down with some
of these individuals we masked them
through using some actors um and got
them to say we got them to talk about
some of the problems they have in their
lives this is the first time we've ever
done this so I wanted to play to you
some of the challenges that they have
especially I'm going to play one that
kind of overlaps with the experience you
went through with Tim yeah my name is
Eliza
I um I'm in my 40s I'm a mother of two
lovely little girls
and that big question I have is
how can I
find that intimacy
again with someone that has just
been so
disconnected so is she saying that her
partner is disconnected and she wants to
find her way back to intimacy with her
partner I'm going to play you a few more
from Eliza because I think this will
help sort of uh
Phil theix will puzzle a little bit um
there's another one
here
work um doctor's
appointments and yeah we get very little
time together the two of us and I think
it's really easy
to
just pass like ships in the night and
it'd be nice to have a conversation that
wasn't about what's for dinner
or you know
what the kids have going on the next
day I really miss
having real conversations I don't
remember the last time we had one is
that a familiar situation yeah
especially during the time of children
raising um you think about your
sexuality and eras
generally your your 20s you don't know
nothing from nothing and it's all new
and exciting and you know you're just
finding out what it's like and
experimenting in your 30s you're if
you're going to have your children
that's typically when most people are
having them now and um you know all of a
sudden you have no sleep you're
exhausted those kids are just like
draining you and you can barely keep up
and your relationship
heads South your sexual relationship
heads South um by the time you're in
your 40s you're like wait a
minute I've got to fight for my sex life
now I mean like I can't let it go you
begin to realize that you've missed a
lot and you want more in your 50s you
think to yourself oh I better get it now
because I'm gonna get old and die and in
your 60s you go oh I'm I'm still alive
and I did get some good sex and I it is
good and I'm looking forward to my ' 70s
and my 80s too you know
so if you keep your body in good shape I
mean that's quite a pertinent point
because one of the things Eliza said
yeah is this I think one thing that I
wasn't prepared for at all was how much
my body was going to
change I mean
everything changed like my
I it got to the point where
I didn't recognize I don't recognize my
own body anymore I don't feel
comfortable my body doesn't feel like
it's
mine and
I've really fallen out of love
with me and with my body estrogen is a
molecule a hormone of of
protection because women are prey and
men are predators in the general scheme
of things we have to be very very
careful and so estrogen protects us in
many many ways and one of the ways that
it does is it makes us judgmental makes
us judgy and one of the ways that spills
over is that we become judgy about
ourselves and we become very judgy about
our bodies we have body image issues
that we fight
against and
she Eliza is probably
beautiful but she doesn't think she is
she thinks that she doesn't look good
anymore and then she thinks that makes
her less
desirable her husband likely is working
very hard and kind of has thrown himself
into work and he's probably an overwhelm
as well trying to do all of this and he
feels disconnected from her and so he's
probably feeling pretty lost and he
doesn't know how to get back to her
either he doesn't have the skills to do
that
and one of the things that I often say
to women especially is that sex is a
mindfulness practice you just have to
keep bringing yourself back to
connection to your heart you have
to bring yourself back to your husband
nobody cares what your body looks like
it's a it's your it's your cell bag you
got 72 trillion cells there they are
take good care of them you got only so
much time enjoy your life when you're
stressed and you're producing cortisol
and adrenal adaline and you're
exhausted this is when you need to say I
really need to have some good orgasms I
really need to be held by my husband on
these body image issues is it usually
the person saying they're unhappy with
their own body or is it the partner
saying they're unhappy with their
partner's body it's almost always the
woman saying she doesn't think she looks
good and I would say the large majority
of the partners say she looks great to
me I picked her cuz I like the way she
looked she still looks good to me is it
ever the guy saying he doesn't like how
he looks not that
often because testosterone has rosec
colored lenses testosterone makes you
the warrior the single-minded focus you
know how if a guy is doing something you
can't interrupt him with another thing
because he's on the task and women are
multitaskers their eyes their eyes and
ears are on everything that's the
difference between testosterone and
estrogen and so he thinks he looks
better than he does and she thinks she
looks worse than she does if they now
feel like two ships passing in the night
as Eliza said in that video yeah what is
step one yeah Step One is often just
holding each other one of the techniques
there I have these two techniques that
come from one of my books one of my most
popular books is a book called um sexual
soulmates because sexual soulmates are
not out there waiting for you you
cocreate your connection with your
partner and even if you've lost that
connection you can have many Renaissance
in your relationship throughout the
years you can come back together and it
can be better than ever again and there
are two techniques out of that book that
I think are kind of like a foundation
one of them is called the sexual
soulmate pact and that pact is an
agreement between partners where I can
say anything I want to you and you're
going to be happy I told you and you're
not going to take it as criticism or you
did anything wrong you're going to be
hungry for me to tell you what I have an
appetite for what I want how I'm feeling
am I a kitty cat do you need to hold me
in your arms do you need to pet me do
you need to let me release and calm down
and get some things off my chest do you
just need to provide that
holding or am I a lioness do I want you
to ravish me do I want to be pounced on
do you I want you to carry me to the
bedroom and throw me down on the bed and
rip my clothes off and tell me how
gorgeous I am and eat me up we want
those things in that range all the time
but what couples forget is to start with
holding and being held because when we
do that we generate oxytocin and the
oxytocin is kind of like the antidote to
all the cortisol we're pumping out
constantly with the kids and the school
and the stress and the job and the
politics and the you know every all this
crazy stuff we need to be held and to
hold so step one then is have the
conversation and step two is to just
hold essentially hold each other you
don't even need to have a conversation
you can just go crawl into your
partner's arms and say and this is
something that I love to teach men I
love to teach men how to run a woman a
menu of small all offers so the problem
is that they're both feeling Eliza and
her husband are likely both they're
dissatisfied they feel disconnected
they're not speaking about it they're
not speaking about it
and she feels like we should be having
sex but we're not right it's the sh I
should be having what is sex intercourse
well she's not turned on she hasn't had
sex and God knows how long she's not
ready to be
penetrated she needs to get warm Med up
you know it's very very slow the female
arousal
system and it takes 15 20 30 minutes
when it's been a long time between love
making sessions to get out of your head
into your body calmed down because
arousal it's not I'm going to push your
buttons and I'm going to spin your dials
which is what guys try to do they're
like I've got a goal I got to give her
an orgasm let's go I'm Full Speed Ahead
where in reality it's oh I need to hold
her I need to grab her up in my big
musly arms and I need to just let her
calm down
and
relax remember what she loved about you
and how much she loves you and how how
good you smell and how good you feel and
how safe she feels right in this moment
you use the word
should should is such a what did I say
corrosive when you were saying we should
be having right how often how much harm
do you think should does as in when I
say should I really mean it's a social
comparison it's like an external
comparison I've watched this movie I
spoke to my friend they're doing it this
often they're doing it like this so we
should be doing it like them how much
harm do you think that does t I've seen
it in all my relationships I've seen
guilt guilt guilt yeah like the
comparison to other people who are just
not you it can do so much harm and I I
think in my current relationship we've
basically banned comparison so we'
banned each other speaking about unmet
needs through the lens of other people
or our past relationships and I think it
really helps yeah you know I do too I
think that if Eliza stopped feeling
guilty and said okay I just I'm just
going to start small and if her husband
if she said to her husband I just want
to start small again I just want to
Let's crawl and then walk and then run
back to love making when we can let's
acknowledge that we're in the time of
our relationship ship when the kids make
it really hard let's acknowledge that we
want to have more intimacy together and
let's start with small offers and then
if he starts saying to
her how about Thursday night I bring
home some Chinese we get the kids in the
bath we get them in bed we divide and
conquer we put them down I'll go in take
a quick shower I'll set up the bedroom
I'll set up the nest I'll light a candle
I'll lay out some fresh towels I'll get
your favorite Lube I'll put on the sexy
playlist that you like and all I want
you to do is relax there's no pressure
to do anything I won't be mad if we
don't have intercourse what I'm going to
do is I'm going to hold you I'm going to
get my hands on you I'm going to rub
whatever hurts I'm going to tell you how
much I love you I'm going to snuggle you
I might kiss you if you want to kiss me
we'll see how it goes no pressure why
why no pressure because if she has
pressure then she's going to feel
stressed and if she feels stressed she
can't get into a rle as soon as you take
the pressure off and let her just see
what happens then her body will go into
arousal and connection and feel safe and
relaxed and she'll start to let down and
get that turn on going I guess the
starting point then as you said is the
communication part right because that
you can't even get to that point if
you're in a situation I've been in that
situation once in my sexual history
where it was so awkward that like it
just gets the awkwardness just compounds
where you're not even speaking about
something and so you're getting in bed
you're just laying in silence and oh my
God he's thinking about it and I'm
thinking about it you she's thinking and
I hope he doesn't ask me and I'll
pretend to sleep and all of that stuff
I've been there yeah um and really what
broke it was was the two things you said
the first thing was you got to talk
about it and the second thing was
removing the pressure right and the
blame yeah and the Judgment yeah and if
you can get there and I think much of
the reason why people don't want to talk
about it sometimes is because they they
might have a little bit of a risk that
if they're honest about how they're
feeling then the other the person might
leave or they might be mad or they they
might not hang around long enough for
you to fix it together MH you know and
also you don't know how to fix it so
it's difficult sometimes in life to say
I've got a problem but I have no idea
what the solution is you know yeah this
is one of the reasons that I like erotic
play dates so much what's that erotic
playdates are so all right I've written
hundreds of sex
techniques I've written dozens of
communication
skills and what people really want they
don't necessarily just want a technique
or a skill they just want to have fun
they want erotic Adventure
I Just Want to Have Fun having sex with
you I don't want it to be like I'm going
to be finding your you know g spot or
whatever like that's fun that's fun that
could be one of the things you want to
do that could be one of your erotic play
dates it's like let's find our G-spot
let's try this sex toy let's do a
lingerie photo shoot let's have sex on
the dining room table when the kids are
away let's do whatever when you start to
think about your sexuality not as oh we
have to grab a boob and stick
in we have to have intercourse um and
when you move away from that you take
the pressure off you have a lot more
intercourse because you have you start
having fun you start trying things and
when you try things you have new
relationship energy sex is an
equation it is two things good sex is
half of it is Safety and Security I
trust this person they're not going to
give me STI you know they're they're
going to they're going to be fun um I
like them they smell good they taste
good you know they're they're going to
be good to have sex with but if you you
just have
that
boring you know it's like that's the
death Nowell for your sex life is when
it's just safe boring sounds so boring
so variety
novelty erotic adventures erotic play
dates learning new things together when
you have this seat this
Foundation of trust and safety and good
communication I can say anything I want
to you and you're going to love me and
you're going to appreciate that I'm
telling you what I need all the time
when you have that and then you add all
the novelty ooh did you hear about that
heated sex toy or that one that blows up
in your vagina inflates what's that like
or oh that's find your pea spot or let's
try this penis ring or whatever it might
be um once you start doing those things
then not only that but you have
something to look forward to you're like
okay so one of the things that I like to
offer people is a is understanding
what's on your sex life bucket
list so what I did was I took 48 of my
best sexy ideas and I made a sex life
bucket list with all 48 of them and then
it's basically this little print out
here I'll just give you one
for me yeah go for
Tim well this is for you so what's
interesting about the sex life bucket
list is that I give you a video and I
give you a print out and if you both do
the print out and you watch the video
and you go through and I tell you what
all 48 ideas are and then when you do
that you go okay well these are my A's I
definitely want to do a lingerie photo
shoot with you my bees are I mean I'd
find your PE spot with you and I'm happy
to do it but it wouldn't be like on my a
list and you're prostate you're a PE
spot is that up your bum yeah up your
bum okay and um CES are it's not for me
right now Never Say Never because as you
mature if you think about your sexual
development like your personal
development it's just one more thing
you're learning you get better and
better and you increment your skills and
so what you used to look at it and go
why would anybody want to be spanked now
you're like oh my God I want to be
spanked
in my I've been there in my sexual
history where I was with a partner and
um I remember first introdu introducing
the idea of using sex toys yeah and my
partner responded at the time many many
years ago saying that no that's for
50-year old people and I was like what
and that was I found it really
disappointing because I thought I was I
was in search of novelty in the the
bedroom so I was looking to try new
things and I'd heard of like my best
friend was doing all sorts of like
bondage and whips and stuff so I was
like I'll get i'll get involved in that
yeah and they just kind of shut it down
uhhuh and what is someone supposed to do
in such a situation where they've
proposed something which is in line with
their sort of their sex language but
their partner has shut it down dismissed
it mocked it ridiculed it whatever what
are they supposed to do yeah first of
all I cannot wait to do my Susan's sexy
Show and Tell with you today because I
have brought you some things that I've
never shown anyone before I have brand
new things that no one's ever seen in
the whole world for you today so I'm
excited about that the second thing is
that understanding that your girlfriend
was afraid she's just afraid it was lack
of knowledge makes fear so how can you
educate her say you know I think you'd
really enjoy us playing with a toy
together you know I'd love to be inside
you while you you have a toy on your the
outside and I think you'd really enjoy
it and it might give you some different
kinds of orgasms so why don't we have a
date and I'll take you to a store and we
can look at them and she goes no I'm not
interested in that I don't like it say
well tell me what it is you don't like
about it is it something where you think
that it might do what replace I you'd
think I'd be worried I don't think it's
good for us I think that we're better
doing it naturally and I think that
that's for people that are 50 which is
what she said to me it's a quote she
said I think that's for people that are
50 well and we at the time must have
been early 20s or something so I mean I
use an electric toothbrush and an oral
irrigator and I drive a car and I have a
mobile device and I use a laptop and I
use all kinds of tools so these are
tools of pleasure and all I think is
that we might experiment with some fun
things but if the toys aren't of
interest to you right now let's talk
about what else might be of interest
let's do this sex life bucket list and
see what does sound good to you and
let's just start with your A's I'm
perfectly willing to to meet you where
you are with the things that might be on
your bucket list let's let's knock a few
of those things off and try some fun new
things together it's interesting because
I you were speaking I was reflecting on
that sentence that that this former
partner said many years ago about I
think it's for people that are 50
because a when I'm 50 I still want to be
having the best sex in my life and I've
spoken to 50y olds and they're having a
great time um but C it also comes back
to this idea of like should which is
again imperative measure I
you know like this expectation and this
this how stereotypes can can be so
corrosive for like sexual exploration
and an openness
um the other thing I was thinking about
is what if you want to try something
with your partner you have a fantasy
and it is opposed to their fantasy so
like I I think we talk about love
languages a lot but what about like sex
languages could you could you is it
possible the opposite sex language to
your partner for example you might want
to be um you might want to feel really
safe but your partner wants to tie you
up
and dominate yeah and that's like and
that's maybe that's their thing yeah and
you but you want to be really you want
to feel really safe so that that's like
diametrically opposed MH so there's a
couple of things the first is
that uh G erotic blueprints are a good
place to start um she's come up with
five different archetypes uh sexual
archetypes and I think that's wonderful
but it's very similar also to the um
Love Languages where it's like well
Steve I want you to love me in all five
ways like making me think I have a love
language it's also starting with the
erotic blueprint that you have is great
but maybe you are really enjoying being
passive but then why not not try and be
a little switchy why not learn and
become more confident in your sexuality
and learn how to take control or maybe
you are the one that's always dominant
and it's time for you to learn how to
surrender I think that you can start in
one place with your comfort zone but
begin to learn more things so that you
get out of your comfort zone and you
start trying new things how often you
said um safety plus novel equals desire
mhm so the novelty part I mean if you
live 100 years that's a lot of new ideas
you're going to need I have not run out
of ideas as a matter of fact sir Tim I
joke that his like Epitaph on his
gravestone which he's like I don't even
need a gravestone I don't I don't care
about that but I always joke that his
Epitaph is up for anything like I can't
come up with something that guy wouldn't
be willing to try with me and I keep
coming up with stuff and he keeps being
a yes and it's really really fun when
you're with a partner like that or when
the two of you have ideas and a lot of
times when we have a date we'll sit down
and and or or if we have a date with a
third person so I have a boyfriend as
well and the three of us make love and
we'll get together for our date and
we'll watch is that no we were all
together they're straight but we all
make love together and um we'll sit down
and we'll be like okay well what do you
guys feel like and they'll throw out
some ideas and I'll throw out some ideas
and then we'll decide what we want to
start with first and then we'll come up
with a game plan and then we'll start
that game plan but then I'll be like oh
no you know what I want to do I want to
do this instead and they're like okay
we'll do that instead so you can just
get to the point where you're so
comfortable that you can listen to your
animal one of the reasons I use the word
homo sapien when I talked to you earlier
is that we can't forget that we are part
of if you think about the tree of life
we're on the branch with the bonobos and
the great apes we are Homo Sapien we are
part of the great apes and so we're an
animal we are subject to the vagaries of
how much sugar we've eaten have we been
drinking have we been you know have we
been sad have we been stressed out Etc
have we been working out or not and so
every time you enter into to an
experience together every time you begin
a love making date to not have some
prescribed thing that you're going to do
but to see what your appetite what your
animal desires what he or she is in the
mood for I'm the kitty cat I'm the
lionist where am I I want to try a new
toy I want to have sex in a different
location whatever it might be what am I
in the mood for what does she want I've
got another question so this is from a
young man okay who is a diers of
listener and this is his situation I
feel
like
when
whenever I am having sex with someone
that she's not really having as good of
a time as she's uh acting like um and
the reason that I think so is because I
only last like 2 or 3 minutes in bed and
I just don't think that that's enough
time for for her to you know for her to
get off
also um and this has been a issue dating
back to my first relationship yeah this
is very very common uh so kit You Are
Not Alone one in four men of all ages
suffer from what some people call
premature
ejaculation or performance
anxiety but um one of the things that I
have been doing is working with Jim
Benson I published his program called
multi-orgasmic lover for men and
basically what it does is it helps men
attain something called ejaculatory
choice and that is essentially you get
to ejaculate when you want to not
because you can't help it so for the
guys that are coming too fast it slows
them down it's essentially a technique
called the Me Breath
me and it is is um a way to use three
things in your body it's a body based
technique it's very similar to like
learning how to swing a golf club or
learning how to drive a car where you
you know when you're driving a car
you're gassing you're braking you're
looking in the rear of your mirror
you're looking out the front you're
steering you might even be
shifting and uh golf swing you know
you're setting it up you get the head
tilted right you're doing your swing
your pullback and all these kinds of
things the Me Breath uses three things
it uses a a squeeze of the PC muscle the
puboc coxas muscle it's like the keeg
area it uses a breath that is called a
cool draw this comes from dowst
techniques for semen retention but it's
not a seamen retention technique but
it's leverages that and it uses a what
we call a Thrust or a pelvic Rock to
relax guys guys end up often with
intercourse kind of doing like like a
piston they think about the vagina as
like an inside out penis and it's just
this friction that's supposed to feel
good to her the vagina is a vast Cavern
of pleasure it is not an inside out
penis and it likes all kinds of other
things but when they end up with that
friction and they're stiff and they're
not relaxed it accelerates
ejaculation so when they learn the
squeeze the breathe and the thrust and
they do them during masturbation often
men who come before they want to are
suffering from um kind of almost
training themselves to come too fast
like they've they've masturbated in ways
that you know gets them off quickly
often they don't have privacy or you
know they're just they just don't have
leisurely time for masturbation so you
practice thei breath during masturbation
and it teaches your body to gas and
break your arousal so you can slow down
and the other component is the mental
component which is that you get really
nervous you're going to do it again and
then that makes you do it again and so
there are some
sematic techniques that allow you to be
present right here right now because a
lot of guys guys say to me all the time
I don't really care about my own
pleasure I'm just in it for her and it's
like well that's a lot of pressure for
her dude it would be nice if you showed
your pleasure too like always just
trying to make her have an orgasm is not
really what you want to do either you
need to get out of your head and into
your body you got to slow down you got
to get present because if you're
thinking about something that happened
in the past oh I'm going to come too
fast again or oh my God what if I come
too fast you're you're not with me and
so if he stops trying to make her have
fun if he stops worrying he practices
the Me Breath at home and then when he's
making love to her he knows how
to breathe and rock his hips and by the
way that pelvic Rock feels really good
and intercourse for her so that's nice
too if I was to try and relate to our
friend here kit um I think for the first
sort of season of my sexual journey I
thought of sex as this thing where you
kind of climb
on and it needs to be like as quick as
you can and in fact
because of because you watch pornography
when you're young you think that the
faster and harder you go the better the
job you're doing oh my gosh I know I
think in my wisdom I've learned that
there's no rush and also you know I get
off by watching my partner get off so
this is where a lot of the things you
have on this table come in because it
wasn't until later in my sort of sexual
Journey that I started using these kind
of things these toys that you've brought
I mean you've brought 720 of them but I
recognize a couple of them um um which
On's are like a a fan favorite if you're
a guy and you're looking to pleasure
your partner which one of these is like
you know easy money it's like it's going
to hit the spot yeah well there's a
couple of different ones one of the
things that I think is really important
is Yoni massage do you know what a Yoni
is I do good for you because A+ student
my partner is has told me what Yi
massages are and she was in B for many
years doing she's done Tantra training
and I've been with her and stuff so yeah
great Yi means vagina it really means
you know the vagina is just the
internal
Cavern and the vva is just the external
facing tissue okay like the outside and
the inside and so vagina's not
technically accurate and vve is not Tech
technically accurate the whole thing the
whole vagina whole thing right but it's
not because the vagina is just the
internal so I like the word Yoni because
it's comprehensive and it's also
reverential which means it means that
you are not looking at it as like this
is just a thing that I'm sticking my
penis in this is actually connected to
this woman this is her the seat of her
passion this is the seat of her
creativity this is she is a goddess and
I will pleasure every part of her and so
I think that's the number one thing
that's important to when I when I use
the word Yoni I'm really thinking about
it in a very loving gentle kind and
pleasurable perspective and so if you
want to do a good job for a Yoni the
best thing that you can do is give it a
massage before you make love to it and
so toys that I would recommend for that
are lay on toys is this is a pretty
burgeoning category of of toys and I I
think about them as tools I don't even
think they're toys I feel like toys is
like okay yeah that's fine but they're
they're tools what's a Layon toy so here
are two Layon tools this is called the
pulse Queen and this one actually has a
vibrating plate let let me turn it on
for you actually you'd probably figure
it out right away hold the middle button
down for a minute and it'll it'll go on
there you go this pulse plate technology
actually
penetrates the vva the outside of her
Yoni and it feels great on the clitoral
structures it feels great on the mons
it's a headach so it feels great on the
outer labia and the inner labia and the
vestibule so what it does wow yeah it
it'll there's plenty of power here's
another one that's called the vibe and
that's also a Layon tool and they send
penetrating pulsating pleasure into the
the onlyi and what's nice about that is
that here's my banana so if you imagine
this banana is a penis that's pretty
easy you can do that and half of your
penis sticks out of your body and half
of it actually goes down and in toward
your testicles so it's double almost
double what you see sticking out fully
erect it's twice that size and inside it
is erectile tissue spongy tissue and
that spongy tissue holds blood
so remember when I was talking about um
being held and holding and how women
need to get out of their head and they
need to slow down yeah if a lot of guys
say to me what's the number one sex
technique I need to know and I'm like
okay well there's a lot of them but the
number one sex technique you need to
know is slowed down turn around and come
back and get us because you're ready to
go and we're not because your erection
happens in a minute or two you can
usually get a heart on because this
spongy tissue in your penis has these
three straight shoots and the blood runs
right in there you see the boob and you
get an erection boom but not a female
body a female body has the same amount
of erectile tissue as is inside your
penis only and I'm doing a little demo
here if you're listening to us I'm
stretching this erectile tissue from the
penis into this little teardrop shape
the vagina is in here and the Ure eal
Canal which is What's called the G-spot
but it's not a spot it's a long tube so
here is the vagina it is wrapped in the
same amount of erectile tissue that's in
your penis but it's in these little arms
little legs little shaft little sponge
little sponge and so it takes about 20
minutes for her to achieve her clitoral
erection so we'll start with her first
then right so Yoni massages are
fantastic because you're going to get
that blood flowing into her
Volva so that all this tissue gets nice
and plump so she gets an erection
because how does sex feel if you're
flaccid not great it feels great when
you're erect and that's because it has
more surface area that sends more
signals to your biggest sex organ your
brain your brain and so when women are
rushed for sex which is has been almost
all the time because everything you see
in the movies what is it what what's the
typical movie scene we get together we
kiss you rip off my shirt my bra is
still on you haven't even touched my
boobs which are one of the three not you
you're you're perfect but you know he
hasn't even touched her boobs and he's
ripped her pants off and he's plunged
inside her she's not ready she doesn't
have a lady boner she's not ready to go
that tissue needs to be filled up with
blood so that it feels as good to her so
it sends the signals to her brain so all
those women who are like I'm I'm just
the kind of woman who can't have an
orgasm from intercourse I'm like uh girl
yeah you can you can basically have
orgasms entire time you're having
intercourse if you get enough pleasuring
before you're
penetrated you said there's multiple
types of orgasms 20 20 different 20 plus
one is wild card because I'm always
leaving opportunity open for more
orgasms read this Quantum orgasm yeah
Quantum orgasm yeah what's that so that
sounds nice of the 20 kinds of orgasms
there are locations to touch clitoral
vaginal anal breast gasms nipple gasms
throat gasms Etc and then there are
techniques to use so for female
ejaculation which all women can
do uh there are very specific techniques
that work and it's not what you see on
porn
and then there's expanded orgasm
techniques as well and an expanded
orgasm or like a Quantum gasm is this
so and then there and there are tools of
Desire so there's three different types
of orgasm I'll finish that sentence so
there's locations to touch techniques to
use and tools or objects of Desire
because who's to say that that crop that
spanks your bottom isn't an object of
desire to give you orgasms it is too
but the quantum gasm so a regular orgasm
is okay it's very similar to what men
think about an orgasm being like I'm
gonna and this is like the 1960s you
know Masters and Johnson Style almost 80
years ago we have moved on from this
style of orgasm this is just one kind
but it's
the and you have the orgasm that's a
oneandone and often women who say or and
a lot of men complain about this to me
after she has an orgasm she doesn't want
me to touch her it's over she's done and
I'm like you're driving her too hard you
haven't given her enough engorgement if
you go
slower she'll be able to have multiple
orgasms because you haven't driven her
nervous system so hard to get the first
one done so slow down lighter touch more
engorgement more foreplay make out play
with her boobs stroke her body tell her
she beautiful all of these things and
then she can move into multiple
orgasms she can do that right but then
there's extended orgasms so this is
where she starts being able to sit in
sensation and this is back to sex as a
mindfulness practice now she's right
there she's in the orgasm and now she's
like like oh oh oh oh oh
oh that's a sound that's a CB yeah I
recognize that right that's an extended
orgasm now she's taken that moment of
time and she's stretched it out like
taffy right so now she's in the orgasm
right so she's starting to ride a big
wave but then there an expanded orgasm
and that's the that's the king the queen
of orgasms and that is now I'm a big
Wave Rider you're towing me out you're
stroking me you're pleasuring
me it's feeling good you get me up in
that wave and I'm riding that
wave and I just ride and ride and ride
and ride that wave and you tow me back
out and a big set just came in and now
you tow me into to a bigger wave it's
more intense it lasts even longer and I
am just coming and coming and coming and
you just keep delivering and you're
delivering it to me with the lightest of
touch because now I'm so good at
orgasming that all you barely have to do
is stroke a little finger on all that
delicious plump juicy tissue that's now
sending massive amounts of signal to my
brain and I am coming for 10 minutes 20
minutes 30 minutes now I'm going to come
with you for until I can't anymore let's
see how long we can go and you start
having orgasms that keep getting bigger
and better until you're just tired you
need to stop you have to get some water
you need to
recover and I remember when I was
learning the expanded or orgasm
technique this was from my mentor Dr
Patty Taylor and I called her one day
when I had one of those hourlong orgasms
with Tim and I was like let's see how
long I can come how hard I can come and
how much I can come
so I came and came and came and and I
thought oh man I'm at this
precipice and I'm afraid to let go like
I'm I'm riding the waves but I there's
more and it's out there but I'm afraid
and I called Patty and I was like what
do I do and she goes step off
go go out there when I stepped off I
touched Source I touched God I felt Gaia
I felt my connection I felt what
connects us all that's why sex is
repressed that's why people hold you
away from sexuality and shame you
because if you felt God in your love
making why would you need to go to God
in a church he's Ethan he's far away
from from God my girlfriend and I um
just moved in together about a year ago
we've been together for two years and
we're looking down the barrel of a dry
bedroom and uh things have gotten real
mechanical especially in the last
several months and I'm just afraid of
where it's going to go and I want to
help
us
good it's not good for her she's not
enjoying it he's bummed out so he's
probably doing
he I mean how can you blame anyone for
not knowing when there's my work's
always sensored I teach passionate love
making techniques I but I can't
advertise I can't advertise expanded
orgasm practice if you're trying to
teach Ethan how to have an expanded
orgasm with his partner yeah what would
how' you go about that I just give him
the program it's 21 erotic play dates
you learn the it's a f stroke technique
but I would say start with sex life
bucket list start with trying some toys
start with Yi massages you have to
recommend one toy for Ethan then well
that's just gonna she it's gonna blow
her mind which one would you which one
is the favorite like of all these toys
there's I mean there's some more over
there as well what is there's got to be
one that's most popular amongst women it
depends I would say that if he wants to
have partnered sex with her then one
could be a double vibrating penis ring
that he could put on her and she could
ride him and then uh she could put her
clitoral structure up against the hair
let me help you with no I've got it
don't worry you do oh good for you a
bottle with it on I know it's on the
bottom you have to turn it on the bottom
hold the button on the bottom and hold
it for just a second and it'll go on oh
go and there you go and then you can
press it again press the button at the
top again at the top oh I'm sorry at the
bottom the same one press it again there
it goes on okay so that vibrates on the
clitoris while it's attached to your
penis yes your actually your penis and
your testicles go through there and your
testicles yeah all your junk goes
through there and then you get paranal
pleasure while she gets clitoral
pleasure so you could try that or you
could give her something like this this
is a little this is called the digit and
this is like a little Ring Pop so that
if you have Lube all over your hands you
don't lose it it's not hard to hold on
to and this will dcece like a little
hummingbird on her clitoral St structure
while you're penetrating her that's a
good idea I I love this one this one's
great because a digit I'm messing around
trying to hold onto this thing and it's
sliding around so that's Fant you just
got to rest it there that's fantastic so
I'd
say introduce her to toys but also start
giving her Yoni
massages just really lay her down get
out the oil I'd like to tell you about
this I brought these for you so this is
um Foria and this is my pleasure
protocol and there are three components
to it the first is this put a melt have
your partner put a melt inside her
vagina this is cocoa butter
Botanicals can't see what have you just
handed me I've handed you just a little
a little cocoa butter it almost looks
like a little fingertip of cocoa butter
that goes up inside the vagina to me it
looks like a double siiz
tablet is inside here yeah that's
reasonable and you can take open it up
and take one out yeah um and the cocoa
butter melts up in there with CBD and
Botanical there you
go doesn't it smell good oh my gosh it's
it smells like um dark chocolate it's
cocoa ah cocoa butter is from cacao it
is chocolate oh my God it's the fat of
chocolate which is an aphrodesiac right
doesn't it smell good it smells it
smells like cacao yeah yeah it's so nice
so she puts that inside her pops it
right in it melts almost immediately and
it makes her vagina feel like velvety
and Luscious and then this is the
intimacy this is the awaken arousal oil
so when you take this home for your
girlfriend I want you to just put a few
drops in your hand and then I want you
to coat it on the outside on the vulva
on her mons her outer labia her inner
labia her clitoral shaft and tip and the
vestibule the inside between the two
labia so no wonder what I'm doing
doesn't that smell so good and then when
you want more slide and glide just put
as much of the sex oil on as you want so
you've got someons you've got the Melt
on the inside you've got the arousal The
Awakening which is going to be like Bing
it essentially makes your Yoni when you
put the arousal oil on the awaken it it
makes your Yoni go
[Music]
I like that it's so good and then this
is oh I need more slide I need more
Glide and then this I absolutely love I
I used to think I used to not really
like my breasts and I've got great boobs
and I didn't think I did because I'm a
woman and we think there's something
wrong with us everybody in the world
wants to get their hands on my boobs but
I didn't think they would look good it's
ridiculous what we women do to ourselves
so when discovered nipple gasms I was
like oh have I been missing out and I
love having orgasms from my breasts
being pleasured it is so nice and I've
done an AB split test one nipple with
and one nipple without this breast
oil and nipple a loves this breast oil
so when you play with your girlfriend
take little droppers full of this and
have her have her hold her boobs up and
and dribble it on her boobs and then
spread it around and play with her
breasts and nipples maybe while you're
making out or you know a lot of times
what I like to do is I like to have Tim
lean up against the back of the bed the
headboard and then I put a pillow on his
belly and I lean back against him and he
gives me breast pleasuring with the
breast oil while I tell them about my
day and we talk about things and we just
connect with each other I think kit had
something to say about this tell me I
mean I probably need to get better at
oral sex I think oral sex is probably
expected at this point um so I guess I I
would want to learn more about that and
I would want to learn more about like
this is going to sound so crazy but like
what like what are you supposed to do
with
nipples I don't know I don't know any
any other way to say that but it's like
you know does it feel good to like how
long should I should I like suck on them
for a while
or should I uh like tweak them or like
what's you know it it it just seems like
awkward so I guess I'm more Awkward than
I should be and I think if someone could
tell me some some things that I could do
that are not awkward then I would feel
so much better about everything yeah
everybody feels like
that this is just a process of learning
what to do and I'm so glad that he wants
to and he's aware that he wants wants to
learn some things um I think having
great oral techniques is so good anybody
that says to me I just don't like oral
sex I'm like uh because you haven't had
good oral sex oral sex is incredible
highly orgasmic amazing all in its own
and a lot of people say oh I don't like
69 which is mutual oral pleasuring and
I'm like they're like I can't
concentrate I'm like you don't have to
concentrate you can just sometimes be
giving and sometimes be receiving but
being connected like that
being think about the energy you're
circulating and the pleasure that you're
creating practice makes perfect with sex
Chuck me that perfect head one of the
things that I think about all the time
because my life is quite hectic and busy
is how to manage my energy load and as a
podcaster you kind of have to manage
your energy in such a way that you can
have these articulate conversations with
experts on subjects you don't understand
and this is why perfect Ted has become
so important in my life because
previously when it came to Energy
Products I had to make a trade-off that
I wasn't happy with typically if I
wanted the energy I had to deal with
high sugar I had to deal with Jitters
and crashes that come along with a lot
of the mainstream Energy Products and I
also just had to tolerate the fact that
if I want energy I have to put up with a
lot of artificial ingredients which my
body didn't like and that's why I
invested in perfect Ted and why they're
one of the sponsors of this podcast it
is changed not just my life but my
entire team's life and for me it's
drastically improved my cognitive
performance but also my physical
performance so if you haven't tried
perfect Ted yet you must have been
living under a rock now is the time you
can find perfect Ted at Tesco and
waitrose or online where you can enjoy
40% off with code diary 40 at checkout
head to perfect ted.com Q4 is always the
busiest period of the Year for me and my
team the window to finish projects
before year end starts to close and
naturally pressure starts to build it's
often around this time that we consider
bringing in Freelancers to help us reach
our ambitious goals and timelines and no
business has played a larger part in
providing that support than Today's Show
sponsor Fiverr if you're not familiar
fiver is the Online Marketplace where
you'll find highly skilled Freelancers
who specialize in almost every area of
business they have coders AI Specialists
they have graphic designers animators
and loads more working with new Talent
used to be a gamble but Fiverr lets you
browse portfolios and reviews before you
hire anyone and if their work doesn't
meet your standards fiverr's refund
policy has you covered if you'd like to
give Fiverr a go head to fiverr.com
diary and use code diary for 10% off
your first order and does do people's
libidos drop when they go into
menopause it depends on so many factors
some people say that they're having the
best sex of their life through
menopause and some people say that
they're libido flat lines everybody's so
different there's genetics there's diets
there's beliefs systems there's you know
whether your sex life's already good or
not so many things does low testosterone
and equal low libido typically it can
yes okay and I want to explain libido
desire and arousal because there's
really three different things but people
use them interchangeably libido is your
health how healthy are you one of the
most common things that happens to
couples is someone becomes ill
emotionally physically or both and then
they can't have intercourse so they
think their sex life is over and they
stop even touching each
other and so what you have to do is you
have to have that I I like to say I'm
like a Timex watch I can take a licking
and keep on ticking right anything that
happens to me I just find a way to fix
it work around it take care of it like I
just don't want to uh succumb to old age
and atrophy and all of those things so I
do all kinds of this sexual biohacking
in these sexual regenerative therapies
and then desire is how do you feel about
yourself just like Eliza where she feels
like she's not desirable anymore you
have to really work with those body
issues and and and love yourself and and
and get over those things and bring
yourself back to the pleasure and the
connection and the joy that you create
and not hold yourself up to some perfect
thing you've had kids you're you're
aging okay but that doesn't mean you
can't have really great sex with your
husband that makes you both so so happy
and makes your kids happy because
they're growing up in a household where
their parents aren't all stressed out
and disconnected they're growing up in a
household where Mommy and Daddy are
going to go in the other room and you
need to watch Barney for a while or
whatever and then arousal is this notion
that men get erect very quickly and
they're ready to go they'll drop trow at
a moments notice and have sex anywhere
any time and women need relaxation to
begin to climb the arousal ladder they
need that blood flow to come in that
takes 20 or 30 minutes depending on
frequency of engorgement and so we need
that too I wanted to ask another
question for one of my listeners um it
was a guy and we had this question come
in quite a lot from our audience um and
it was about routine where is it this
one here this is Ethan okay yeah it's
just it's just it's just the same thing
over and over again it's we can we can
pretty much do one maybe
two you know positions um
and and yeah it's got to be nighttime
bed same same day you know every every
Saturday I finally get it
yippe yeah I could I just feel the
frustration in his voice and it it it
breaks my heart and this is probably a
woman who has one pathway that she's
found to orgasm and and that's her
comfortable
pathway and so she wants a sure thing
and she needs it to be the same every
time so she can have that so what I
would say to him is that again his
partner is working without a lot of
knowledge so she has much more fear and
so the control that she's putting onto
her sex life like it's only this way
it's only in the dark it's only this day
it's you know that's her that's her
groove she's found her groove and that's
fine but it would be what I would want
her to know is that there's 20 kinds of
orgasms there's so many Pathways try
orgasmic cross
trining so start with the thing that you
know works and then add something else
in and when you are working on that one
thing that works and then you add the
new thing in let's try let's try breast
play Okay so I'm going to do what you
want to do but I'm also going to
stimulate your breasts and nipples I'm
going to slowly trace my fingers I'm
going to put on some breast oil I'm
going to pleasure you pretty
soon that at first might not feel good
to
her it might make her feel this is this
is if you touch a woman in on her
breasts on her nipples on her vulva on
her clitoris in her opening to her
vagina which is called her introital
sphincter which is a little round muscle
inside her vagina on her labia all these
different places and you ask her what do
you feel all different women will say
basically four
things the first thing they'll say is it
feels it it hurts it feels
painful it feels
numb I feel
shame or I feel
pleasure all that's standing
between the pain the shame the numbness
and the pleasure is orgasmic activation
it's being touched in a loving way that
feels
safe so that you can begin to start
those neural Pathways to the brain and
back to the biggest sex organ again
which is the third time you touched me
in a loving way on my labia it actually
started to not feel numb it started to
feel good great let's do it some more
and so when you bring all the sensation
online when you get all those core
puzles and nerve endings and all of that
tissue thrumming with pleasure your
orgasms become so easy so I would
recommend for him offer Yoni massages
without intercourse on a separate day of
the week to begin to activate that
tissue so she's not so reliant on the
pathway that works for her and she
begins to understand how beautiful her
vulva is to him how much he loves to
give her pleasure how to relax and stay
in
sensation because women have a lot of
time staying in their body and staying
in sensation one of the number one
things that a sex therapist will do is
teach you how to stay in sensation and
feel it people are disconnected from
their sensation
where does masturbation and pornography
fit into all of this is that a good
thing for a relationship is it a good
thing to be doing alone is it something
that's full of shame we had a
conversation on this podcast recently
about pornography and one of the really
surprising things that came off the back
of it was um women messaging me
privately saying that we didn't talk
about women who have an addiction to
pornography mhm which was quite
surprising to me yeah because it's not
it's not in keeping with the stereotype
I hadn't crossed my mind but I wanted to
give that a little bit of air time
because it's something I didn't talk
about last time is that something you
know how do you think about pornography
and masturbation is it good bad
indifferent
shameful oh you're talking to the lady
that likes heart-c connected passionate
love making and most pornography is just
friction I like to transform friction
into
connection and so I'm not against
pornography it's just not in my Realm of
what I like to help people with why
because I want to teach you how to have
much better sex than the stuff you're
seeing on porn what's the harm of the
stuff we see on porn I'm not saying that
it's harmful I'm just saying why live
someone else's agenda why not live your
own agenda have your own life have your
own fantasies have your own sexuality
have your own experiences have you met a
woman addicted to pornography no I have
not have you met a man addicted to
pornography many
yeah and they have to go off at cold
turkey and they go through withdrawal
and it's freaking hard so I I feel badly
for people who do get addicted you think
it ruins the real thing I do because I
don't even want to watch it first of all
Time Magazine had an article that said
that uh they did a there was a study
that um randomly sampled something like
340 clips of porn and then
they looked at them and they said 96% of
them were degrading to women in some way
and that's what we're raising
generations to think is sex what I like
to teach is
passionate erotic
sensual heart-c
connected ecstatic orgasmic
Bliss what about masturbation without
the pornography masturbation is
fantastic it helps activate all of the
tissue it helps you uh have pleasure and
fantasy so my recommendation is fantasy
although there are some new interesting
things that are coming up too like for
example um two of these toys that I want
to show
you these are really interesting new
technology one of them heats up so it
gets warm there's nothing better than
sticking a nice warm thing in your
vagina and I love that try this one I
don't know if you tried that one yet
these are from satisfier and this one
check this out man this is so
interesting this particular vibrator
gets it gets a balloon and it blows up
look I'm blowing it
up for anyone that can't see the end
it's like a normal vibrator the end is
swelling look at that and then if you
want to let it out you just press it
whoops
uh
oh there it goes and all the air goes
out if you put this inside your vagina
it feels incredible to have that blowing
up inside there and filling up all that
Cavern of space these now are app
connected and you can listen to Fantasy
or music and the music will take you on
an orgasmic Journey the fantasies will
read you stories in time with the
vibrations and Sensations that come from
the
devices so if you want to watch
pornography do it for me personally I
would rather you have a couple of hot
lovers and great fun and you know have a
lot of women are like well I I don't
have a boyfriend and I'm like well take
a lover why do you need someone who
checks off all the boxes why not just
get a hot side piece and have great sex
with them they're like oh my God I never
thought of that I'm like girl stick with
me and I recommend that for anyone you
don't have to wait for the be all and
end all you can just have great sex as
long as you do STI testing which is one
of the last things I wanted to talk to
you about oh looks like I spilled a
little oil on this I'm sorry this is so
interesting because this is Basis
DX now I have to say uh full disclosure
in this particular thing I'm on their
I'm their Chief advocacy officer so
because I work with people who are in
poly groups and who go to sex parties
and you know they're they're I'm
encouraging people to have sex I cannot
do it without the caveat that one must
do STI testing before they go any
further than kissing or hands on a body
so you can keep a couple of STI kits at
home and then if you meet your hot lover
you can do your STi test and when you
get him back then you know you're safe
everything's okay because there's a lot
of long-term Downstream negative effects
from getting STI it's not as simple as
oh just take take an antibiotic and
you're done some of these things last
forever and you can never get rid of
them what is the most important thing
that we haven't talked about and really
there I'm asking for the audience what
is the question that they're probably
sat home saying Steve you didn't ask
bloody question which I've got a huge
issue with here at home in my in my
bedroom with my love life with my
partner well we've talked a lot about um
how Body Works and slowing down we've
talked a lot about creating your own
experiences that sex is um a lifetime
journey of pleasure and learning that
ignorance creates fear so learning
solves that problem and the best way to
learn is to try new things we've talked
about so many different things that you
can try we've talked about the fact that
if you have no path to organ orm you can
get one then you can get two then you
can get three by the way all bodies can
have over 20 kinds of orgasms you can
have as many orgasms as I can we have
the same Parts they're just an in and an
AE so men think they have one
ejaculatory orgasm and they're done or
maybe a short refractory period but no
you have so many kinds of orgasms
waiting to come out they're all in there
waiting for you to let them exist in
your life so we've talked how do you
know when to to leave how do you know
when to walk
away there are so many good sex
therapists out there
now that you have to try that first
before you leave if you can afford to
seek therapy and you have a mismatch in
your style desire libido whatever it
might be there's there there's been
trauma there's you know whatever it
might be um what if they don't want to
see one what if you propose the idea and
they say no I'm not going to therapy cuz
talking about the bedroom to a total
stranger is not the easiest of things to
do I think I would say especially for a
man I'm not saying just just therapist
are good at that though they know what
they're doing they can help you with
that they can open you to the
discussions well I went to a see a
therapist with my partner and we talked
about a lot big range of things and we
still go to couple's therapy all the
time um as more of like a preventative
measure but it's just nice to have a
dedicated space and even in there
especially the first couple of times
that I went I was like I hate
this I was like it was embarrass it was
like embarrassing I didn't want to say
anything I was hoping she wasn't going
to say
anything because you feel like the
strange is judging you but
also you
know yeah it's it's not but the reason
why it's a good thing is
because you in your relationship knowing
that there's a space where where you're
going to get to be honest with each
other yeah and you're going to get to
vocalize it makes the other
6.9 days the other like the rest of the
week much more enjoyable because you
know where the space is for these things
you know when we're going to sit down
and have the sort of dedicated
conversation so it makes it makes the
rest of the relationship better and also
I think men have a bias where we don't
we're not typically the ones to initiate
these kinds of things yeah um sometimes
we might seem like resentful or reserved
but over time even though my partner
initiates these kind of conversations
about unmet needs and sex life and all
these kinds of things yeah over time and
in hindsight thank God she did yeah
because
she I think women are sometimes better
at like ringing the alarm well we're
generally more articulate so men you
know they how they say I'm a man a few
words that men are men are like that
partially its nature and partially it's
nurture and so guys don't feel like they
can they feel like it's not a Level
Playing Field when they have to have a
conversation about things with their
female partner they feel like she's
going to be able to talk circles around
him so it is dangerous to navigate which
is why it's nice to have a therapist to
help you navigate navigate really
difficult issues and you know that old
phrase happy wife happy life yeah it's a
cliche it's a stereotype whatever but
there is a hint of Truth in where that
stereotype comes from and I think it
originates from this idea that men are
quite simple in what they express that
their needs are yeah and women are more
articulate are more complex they're more
like aware of unmet needs yes so they
vocalize them more often typically not
always um which means that there's this
Dynamics formed which the man sometimes
thinks his job is just to keep her happy
and if I keep her happy then we're happy
yeah but in
hindsight I've come to learn that it's a
really good thing that she does sound
the alarm it's a really good thing that
she is sensitive to unmet needs because
unmet needs for her are probably unmet
needs for me I just can't see them yet
yeah I'm just unaware of it so I'm just
saying that to men who who might feel
the same way that I've often felt where
you're like oh my God another problem or
whatever and um I've just come to be so
grateful for the fact that my partner is
like very aware of these good early
warning system very good because I would
never I'm so like busy and like she's
smiling I'm fine yeah but and you know
this you come to learn this because the
things that when she sounds the alarm
the things that it ends up solving make
the relationship better make makes me
happier and that's that's the goal at
the end of the day so yeah so reviewing
everything we've talked about the other
thing we talked about was making her
small offers filling her up with orgasms
giving her Yoni massages slowing down
those are very important holding her it
makes you feel as good to hold your
woman as it does for her to be held that
that's a very symbiotic thing not
thinking that sex is just intercourse
right learning more skills having more
more experiences together doing your sex
life bucket list and keeping your body
in good shape right so making sure
you're getting your exercise and your
sleep and all those things so you can go
the distance and that sex keeps getting
better your whole lifelong so I think
we've covered a lot of
terrain well we have a closing tradition
on this podcast where the last guest
leaves a question for the next guest not
knowing who they're leaving it for and
the question that left for you if you
could go back and tell your 20-year-old
self something something that would have
made you happier healthier more
successful if you had heard it if it was
whispered in tree at 20 years old what
would you tell your 20-year-old
[Music]
self play full out never
compromise all of your gifts and your
talents never play
small it is not your job to make other
people feel comfortable of course you
can bring your heart to everyone but it
is your job to live the best most
amazing life that you possibly can I
have a question for you what's that what
are you going to do differently now that
I've had this conversation with you what
shifted for you there's quite a few
things I mean so the first is I have
this new this new set of toys that I'm
going to be um bringing home which is
interesting I learned actually a lot
about the limic system which we didn't
actually talk about today from reading
through your work and the the
implications that'll have for our
relationship and our feeling of
connection I learned a lot about Tantra
from um reading through your work as
well which again we didn't talk about
today um I
think for my audience one of the things
that I think is really critical um is to
remove
pressure um which is I remember a phase
of my life where
it sex had become like the elephant in
the room the sorry the lack of sex had
become the EV elephant in the room and
the pressure to fix it made it worse so
your approach to that is to schedule
these like play dates not try to get sex
where there's no like penetrative in
Intercourse guaranteed on the menu yeah
and just uh just to start from the
foundations of being connected and then
um the other thing of course is just the
importance of novelty and sex which is
something that you know I'm five six
years into my relationship now so it's
time something I think about a lot I
think about keeping it fresh and yeah
and stuff like that and I talk to my
friends a lot about this a lot I call it
desire management which is how manage
desire so it doesn't Fade Out kind of
like a a flame that needs the right
amount of oxygen too much oxygen and
it's going to blow out but just like the
right amount of oxygen when I say too
much oxygen I mean what's what's that in
the analogy that would be like I guess
it would be too much distance like and a
lack of safety MH
whereas just the right amount of oxygen
is like the right amount of safety and
the right amount of novelty the way I
look at it is like if you took a handle
and you put one of these
like things over it it would go out and
that's okay that in that analogy what
you've done there is there's no novelty
there's routine you're there all the
time they see you when they wake up you
just you never leave the house you're
attached to each other and then there's
like little bit of oxygen in but not too
much that it's going to blow out which
is you know keep yourself High desire
maybe go you know go on work trips every
once in a while be away from each other
miss each
other go to new places
we new
things you I think such a simple um
equation I learned that from uh dossy
Eaton she wrote the ethical and she
was the one that taught me
um safety and variety equals desire
interesting yeah I've come to I've come
to come to learn that mainly from
watching my friends my friends have
taken all these different approaches my
one friend he knows who he is he listens
to this and always sends me the clips he
likes stifles
a lot of the women that he ends up with
yeah insecurity he will move in honestly
in two situations he moved in with them
on either the first or the second date
was it oh wow the second date twice and
they became his girlfriends it lasted
about a month one of them lasted about
two years but just the fact that he's
moving in on the second dat was like
problematic in both situations one of
them was Co the other one was she just
lived in far away land so she had to fly
over and then where she going to live
she she lived with him and then I've
seen my other friends play it other way
way I've seen the long distance and how
that can fade out if it's too far away
it's hard and I've always thought
there's a Sweet Spot somewhere in the
middle there definitely but again this
is subjective it's probably different
for me as it is for you and Tim thank
you I want to say the work you're doing
is helping a huge huge amount of people
sort of demystify these subjects which
are so stigmatized and seem to be so
Elusive and mysterious in so many
people's lives the reason why I have
these conversations on the podcast and
invite people like you on is because I'm
trying to say the like quiet part out
loud this is going to be the Diary of a
CEO and what would be in your diary it
wouldn't just it wouldn't be pnls and
spreadsheets it would be worries about
erectile dysfunction it would be I'm not
having sex with my partner it would be
how do I improve my sex life what the
do I do with nipples like kid said
it would be these kinds of things and
that's what you do in your work and you
do it better than anybody and it's um
thank honestly you're doing something
really amazing for a lot of people a lot
of people you'll never even get to see
so on behalf of all of them and me thank
you for what you do thank you so much
for giving me the light so that I could
help people I appreciate that
I'm going to let you into a little bit
of a secret and you're probably going to
think that I'm a little bit weird for
saying this but our team are our team
because we absolutely obsess about the
smallest things even with this podcast
when we're recording this podcast we
measure the CO2 levels in the studio
because if it gets above a th000 parts
per million cognitive performance dips
this is the type of 1% Improvement we
make on our show and that is why the
show is the Way It Is by understanding
the power of compounding one 1% you can
absolutely change your outcomes in your
life it isn't about drastic
Transformations or quick wins it's about
the small consistent actions that have a
lasting change in your outcomes so two
years ago we started the process of
creating this beautiful diary and it's
truly beautiful inside there's lots of
pictures lots of inspiration and
motivation as well some Interac Dev
elements and the purpose of this diary
is to help you identify stay focused on
develop consistency with the 1% that
will ultimately change your life we're
only going to do a limited run of these
Diaries so if you want one for yourself
or for a friend or for a colleague or
for your team then head to the diary.com
right now I'll link it below
[Music]
h